[docs] Update the CircleCI guide (#5743)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/guides/continuous-integration/circleci.md

For more information about reporters, see [Reporters](../concepts/reporters.md).

Run the following command to install the packages locally in your project directory:

```sh
npm install --save-dev testcafe testcafe-reporter-xunit
```

Commit the `package-lock.json` file generated by npm into the repository. This file allows CircleCI to use a fast `npm ci` command to install the dependencies.

## Step 2 - Create a New CircleCI Project

Log in to CircleCI with your GitHub account.

When you launch CircleCI for the first time, you start from an empty workspace. Click the **Add Project** button to create your first project.

![Click the Add Project Button](../../../images/circle-ci/add-project.png)

The list of GitHub projects associated with your account appears.

Find `testcafe-ci-demo` and click **Set Up project**.

![Set Up Project](../../../images/circle-ci/set-up-project.png)

## Step 3 - Configure the Build

On the project configuration page, select **Node** as the target platform and paste the following configuration:

```yaml
version: 2.1
orbs:
  node: circleci/node@4.1.0
jobs:
  test:
    docker:

>       - image: circleci/node:latest-browsers

Reviewer: as far as I figured, `circleci/node` is now obsolete and has been replaced with `cimg/node` (which I couldn't get to work with local browsers, however)

did you leave `circleci/node` on purpose?

Author: As [CircleCI docs state](https://circleci.com/developer/images/image/cimg/node#__next:~:text=You%20can%20use%20the%20orb%20to%20install%20a%20version%20of%20Google%20Chrome%20and%2For%20Firefox%20into%20your%20build.), the new `cimg/node` images come without browsers and require an orb to install browsers. I've rewritten the guide to use the new images.

`steps`                 | The job's [steps](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/jobs-steps/#steps-overview).
`checkout`              | Checks out code from the `testcafe-ci-demo` repository. This is a pre-defined step (see [checkout](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/configuration-reference/#checkout)).
`node/install-packages` | A step from the `node` orb that installs the project's dependencies (see [install-packages](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/orb/circleci/node#commands-install-packages)).
`run`                   | The [run](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/configuration-reference/#run) step invokes shell commands. In this example, `run` executes the `npm test` script.
`store_test_results`    | Uploads test results to the specified directory (see [store_test_results](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/configuration-reference/#store_test_results)).
`workflows`             | A [workflow](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/workflows/) that runs the `test` job.

After you pasted the YAML, click **Add Config**.

> ![Click Add Config to save the configuration](../../../images/circle-ci/circleci-config.png)

Reviewer: This screenshot shows a different config, need to re-capture

Author: Recaptured

To see test results in the CircleCI UI, install the [testcafe-reporter-xunit](https://www.npmjs.com/package/testcafe-reporter-xunit) npm package.
This JUnit reporter generates test run reports in the XML format. CircleCI can process XML reports and display test results in the UI.

For more information about reporters, see [Reporters](../concepts/reporters.md).

Run the following command to install the packages locally in your project directory:

```sh
npm install --save-dev testcafe testcafe-reporter-xunit
```

Commit the `package-lock.json` file generated by npm into the repository. This file allows CircleCI to use a fast `npm ci` command to install the dependencies.

## Step 2 - Create a New CircleCI Project

Log in to CircleCI with your GitHub account.

When you launch CircleCI for the first time, you start from an empty workspace. Click the **Add Project** button to create your first project.

![Click the Add Project Button](../../../images/circle-ci/add-project.png)

The list of GitHub projects associated with your account appears.

> Find `testcafe-ci-demo` and click **Set Up project**.

Author: Done

  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "testcafe": "*",
    "testcafe-reporter-xunit": "*"
  }
}
```

For more information on how to configure a test run with the `testcafe` command, see [Command Line Interface](../../reference/command-line-interface.md).

## Step 5 - View Test Results

Commit the changes to trigger the build. CircleCI Dashboard shows the results in the pipeline.

Click the job name to see the details.

![View the pipeline in the Dashboard](../../../images/circle-ci/view-pipeline.png)

The `Steps` panel displays information about the completed job including the run duration, latest commit, and build log:

![Job details in the Dashboard](../../../images/circle-ci/view-steps.png)

The `Tests` panel displays test results. If errors occur, the report is shown.

![View steps results in the Dashboard](../../../images/circle-ci/view-results.png)

## Use Alternative Images

This guide uses the `cimg/node:lts-browsers`, an official CircleCI Docker image that comes with `lts` version of node and browser dependencies pre-installed. This image is in beta. If you run into problems with it, use one of the images listed below.

### Use a TestCafe Image

> TestCafe is available as a preconfigured Docker image. The image has TestCafe, Chromium, and Firefox pre-installed.

Reviewer: `TestCafe as an image`... That's not true I guess. "TestCafe is available as part of an image", "TestCafe is installed on an image"... But TestCafe is not an image itself.

Author: > TestCafe is available as a part of a preconfigured Docker image

To use this image, paste the following contents in your `config.yml` on [Step 3](###-step-3---configure-the-build):

```yml
version: 2.1
orbs:
  node: circleci/node@4.1.0
jobs:
  test:
    docker:
      - image: testcafe/testcafe:latest
    steps:
      - checkout
      - node/install-packages
      - run:
          command: npm run test
      - store_test_results:
          path: /tmp/test-results
workflows:
  e2e-test:
    jobs:
      - test
```

This image has no Google Chrome installed. To run tests in Chromium instead, paste the following code to your `package.json` on [Step 4](#step-4---add-the-`test`-script-to-package.json):

```json
  "scripts": {
    "test": "testcafe chromium:headless, firefox:headless tests/**/* -r xunit:/tmp/test-results/testcafe/results.xml"
  }
```

For more information about TestCafe Docker image, read [Use TestCafe Docker Image](../advanced-guides/use-testcafe-docker-image.md).

### Use a Legacy CircleCI Image

> This example uses `circleci/node:lts-browsers`, a legacy image with `lts` version of Node, Google Chrome, and Firefox pre-installed.

Reviewer: In the previous section, you said: "This guide" meaning the previous part of the guide. Here you are saying "This example" meaning a subsequent example.

Maybe change to "The following example"?

Maybe it's minor, but it really confused me...

Author: > The following example uses ...

> Get a full list of available legacy CircleCI images refer at [Pre-Built CircleCI Docker Images](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/circleci-images/#legacy-language-images).

Author: Right

}
```

After you install the dependencies and specify the `test` script, `package.json` should look as follows:

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "test": "testcafe chrome:headless tests/**/* -r xunit:/tmp/test-results/testcafe/results.xml"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "testcafe": "*",
    "testcafe-reporter-xunit": "*"
  }
}
```

For more information on how to configure a test run with the `testcafe` command, see [Command Line Interface](../../reference/command-line-interface.md).

## Step 5 - View Test Results

Commit the changes to trigger the build. CircleCI Dashboard shows the results in the pipeline.

Click the job name to show the details.

![View the pipeline in the Dashboard](../../../images/circle-ci/view-pipeline.png)

The `Steps` panel displays information about the completed job including the run duration, latest commit, and build log:

![Job details in the Dashboard](../../../images/circle-ci/view-steps.png)

The `Tests` panel displays test results. If errors occur, the report is shown.

![View steps results in the Dashboard](../../../images/circle-ci/view-results.png)

## Use Alternative Images

> This guide uses the `cimg/node:lts-browsers`, an official CircleCI Docker image that comes with `lts` version of node and browser dependencies pre-installed. This image is in beta. If you run into problems with it, use one of the images listed below.

Reviewer: > node

let's use the full name "Node.js"

here and on line 202

  }
```

For more information about TestCafe Docker image, read [Use TestCafe Docker Image](../advanced-guides/use-testcafe-docker-image.md).

### Use a Legacy CircleCI Image

The following example uses `circleci/node:lts-browsers`, a legacy image with `lts` version of Node, Google Chrome, and Firefox pre-installed.

Get a full list of available legacy CircleCI images at [Pre-Built CircleCI Docker Images](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/circleci-images/#legacy-language-images).

To use the image, paste the following `config.yml` on [Step 3](###-step-3---configure-the-build):

```yml
version: 2.1
orbs:
  node: circleci/node@4.1.0
jobs:
  test:
    docker:
      - image: circleci/node:lts-browsers
    steps:
      - checkout
      - node/install-packages
      - run:
          command: npm run test
      - store_test_results:
          path: /tmp/test-results
workflows:
  e2e-test:
    jobs:
      - test
```

Since this image has Chrome and Firefox installed, add the following command to the `package.json` file on [Step 4](#step-4---add-the-test-script-to-package.json) to run tests in these browsers:

```json
"scripts": {

>   "test": "testcafe chrome:headless tests/**/* -r xunit:/tmp/test-results/testcafe/results.xml"

Reviewer: The paragraph above says that we run tests in both Chrome and Firefox

jobs:
  test:
    docker:
      - image: cimg/node:lts-browsers
    steps:
      - checkout
      - browser-tools/install-browser-tools
      - node/install-packages
      - run:
          command: npm run test
      - store_test_results:
          path: /tmp/test-results
workflows:
  e2e-test:
    jobs:
      - test
```

The table below describes the YAML properties used in this example:

Property                | Description
----------------------- | ----
`version`               | The CircleCI version that should be used for this project.
`orbs`                  | Imports CircleCI [orbs](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/orb-intro/)–reusable parts of build configurations stored in a CircleCI registry.
`node`                  | Imports the [circleci/node](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/orb/circleci/node) orb v4.1.0 under the name `node`.
`browser-tools`         | Imports the [circleci/browser-tools](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/orb/circleci/browser-tools) orb v1.1.0 under the name `browser-tools`.
`jobs`                  | The section that specifies [jobs](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/jobs-steps/#jobs-overview).
`test`                  | The job's name.

> `docker`                | An [executor](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/configuration-reference/#docker--machine--macos--windows-executor) that defines that defines the environment in which this job runs. The `docker` executor specifies that the job should run inside a docker container.

Author: ```suggestion
`docker`                | An [executor](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/configuration-reference/#docker--machine--macos--windows-executor) that defines the environment in which this job runs. The `docker` executor specifies that the job should run inside a docker container.
```

> `docker`                | An [executor](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/configuration-reference/#docker--machine--macos--windows-executor) that defines that defines the environment in which this job runs. The `docker` executor specifies that the job should run inside a docker container.

Author: Is a typo

`image`                 | Specifies the docker image to use. `cimg/node:lts-browsers` is a pre-built CircleCI docker image with the `lts` version of Node.js and browser dependencies pre-installed. For the full list of available images, see [Pre-Built CircleCI Docker Images](https://circleci.com/developer/images/image/cimg/node).
`steps`                 | The job's [steps](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/jobs-steps/#steps-overview).
`checkout`              | Checks out code from the `testcafe-ci-demo` repository. This is a pre-defined step (see [checkout](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/configuration-reference/#checkout)).

> `browser-tools/install-browser-tools` | A step from the `browser-tools` orb that installs browsers and browser drivers on the machine. This step installs Chrome, Firefox, ChromeDriver and GeckoDriver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`browser-tools/install-browser-tools` | A step from the `browser-tools` orb that installs browsers and browser drivers on the machine. This step installs Chrome, Firefox, ChromeDriver, and GeckoDriver.
```

`node/install-packages` | A step from the `node` orb that installs the project's dependencies (see [install-packages](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/orb/circleci/node#commands-install-packages)).
`run`                   | The [run](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/configuration-reference/#run) step invokes shell commands. In this example, `run` executes the `npm test` script.
`store_test_results`    | Uploads test results to the specified directory (see [store_test_results](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/configuration-reference/#store_test_results)).
`workflows`             | A [workflow](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/workflows/) that runs the `test` job.

> After you pasted the YAML, click **Add Config**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you paste the YAML, click **Add Config**.
```

}
```

After you install the dependencies and specify the `test` script, `package.json` should look as follows:

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "test": "testcafe chrome:headless tests/**/* -r xunit:/tmp/test-results/testcafe/results.xml"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "testcafe": "*",
    "testcafe-reporter-xunit": "*"
  }
}
```

For more information on how to configure a test run with the `testcafe` command, see [Command Line Interface](../../reference/command-line-interface.md).

## Step 5 - View Test Results

Commit the changes to trigger the build. CircleCI Dashboard shows the results in the pipeline.

Click the job name to show the details.

![View the pipeline in the Dashboard](../../../images/circle-ci/view-pipeline.png)

The `Steps` panel displays information about the completed job including the run duration, latest commit, and build log:

![Job details in the Dashboard](../../../images/circle-ci/view-steps.png)

The `Tests` panel displays test results. If errors occur, the report is shown.

![View steps results in the Dashboard](../../../images/circle-ci/view-results.png)

## Use Alternative Images

> This guide uses the `cimg/node:lts-browsers`, an official CircleCI Docker image that comes with `lts` version of Node.js and browser dependencies pre-installed. This image is in beta. If you run into problems with it, use one of the images listed below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide uses the `cimg/node:lts-browsers`, an official CircleCI Docker image that includes the `lts` version of Node.js and browser dependencies. This image is in beta. If you encounter issues, use one of the images listed below.
```

### Use a TestCafe Image

> TestCafe is available as a part of a preconfigured Docker image. The image has TestCafe, Chromium, and Firefox pre-installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TestCafe is available as a part of a preconfigured Docker image. The image includes TestCafe, Chromium, and Firefox.
```
